unxsSIPProxy (unxsSPS) Backend Design Notes
-------------------------------------------

Main function tables:
---

tPBX:		Asterisk b2bua destination and sip trunk traffic source.
tDID: 		Phone numbers used for incoming route determination.
tGateway:	A sip gateway that we can send and receive sip traffic from.
tCarrier:	A set of one or more incoming and/or outbound gateways.
tPrefix:	Phone number prefixes (like area codes) that have
		information to determine international, offshore and intra or inter state
		given two of them. Also must have cost information for least cost routing.
tRule:		A way to decide how to route PBX sip trunk outbound traffic. Uses 
		priorities, weights, DID prefixes, time scheduling (both one off and 
		periodic) and optional PBX groups. Also has rules for stripping or
		otherwise formatting SIP URIs (e.g. adding or removing leading chars like
		country codes and + symbol.) Can also use least cost routing via different
		assignable methods.
		Time scheduling: Start and end time for first event. Then recurring settings:
		N times the period. Where the period is day, week, 2weeks, month or year.
		N==0 onetime event.
		Groups can specify PBX or Carrier groups. Can specify include or exclude.
tCDR:		Call description records authoritative source for billing. CDRs should go
		beyond normal fields and also include the rule that was used. This means
		that old rules must be saved for easy and efficient reference.
tDatacenter:	A collection of servers usually on the same LAN.
tServer:	A unxsSIPProxy server.

System tables:
---

tCompany:	Organizations and contacts of organizations that manage or own data.
tAuthorize:	Login credentials and permissions for contacts that use backend end or
		other web apps that run off backend.
tConfiguration:	Misc configuration table.
tStatus:	Status codes used by main function tables.
tJobStatus:	Status codes used by tJob job queue system.
tGlossary:	Glossary of terms used in the ecosystem.
tJob:		Job queue table. Used for async control of servers.
tLog:		System log.
tLogType:	Log entry types.
tLogMonth:	Used for archiving logs in read only fashion.
tMonth:		Used for organizing archived logs.
tGroup:		Group names.
tGroupGlue:	Associates groups with items being grouped like PBXs and gateways.
tGroupType:	Flexible way of extending group tags to any item with unique keys.
tTemplate:	Html/css/javascript templates for web apps.
tTemplateSet:	Template skin set names.
tTemplateType:	Web app template set names.

This backend should be able to provision mutiple OpenSIPS or unxsSIPProxy servers.
It should also have everything needed to manage and interface with DID and termination providers.
Should have tie-ins to unxsVZ for help in billing and managing virtual PBX system.
